then the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron
then the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron take a census of the sons of Kohath from
take a census of the sons of Kohath from
take a census of the sons of Kohath from among the children of Levi by their
among the children of Levi by their
among the children of Levi by their families by their father's house from 30
families by their father's house from 30
families by their father's house from 30 years old and above even 250 years old
years old and above even 250 years old
years old and above even 250 years old all who entered the service to do the
all who entered the service to do the
all who entered the service to do the work in the tabernacle of meeting this
work in the tabernacle of meeting this
work in the tabernacle of meeting this is the service of the sons of Kohath in
is the service of the sons of Kohath in
is the service of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of meeting relating to
the tabernacle of meeting relating to
the tabernacle of meeting relating to the most holy things when the camp
the most holy things when the camp
the most holy things when the camp prepares to journey Aaron and his sons
prepares to journey Aaron and his sons
prepares to journey Aaron and his sons shall come and they shall take down the
shall come and they shall take down the
shall come and they shall take down the covering veil and cover the Ark of the
covering veil and cover the Ark of the
covering veil and cover the Ark of the testimony with it then they shall put on
testimony with it then they shall put on
testimony with it then they shall put on it a covering of badger skins and spread
it a covering of badger skins and spread
it a covering of badger skins and spread over that a cloth entirely of blue and
over that a cloth entirely of blue and
over that a cloth entirely of blue and they shall insert his poles on the table
they shall insert his poles on the table
they shall insert his poles on the table of showbread they shall spread a blue
of showbread they shall spread a blue
of showbread they shall spread a blue cloth and put on it the dishes the pans
cloth and put on it the dishes the pans
cloth and put on it the dishes the pans the bowls and the pitchers for pouring
the bowls and the pitchers for pouring
the bowls and the pitchers for pouring and the showbread
and the showbread
and the showbread shall be honored they shall spread over
shall be honored they shall spread over
shall be honored they shall spread over them a scarlet cloth and cover the same
them a scarlet cloth and cover the same
them a scarlet cloth and cover the same with a covering of badger skins and they
with a covering of badger skins and they
with a covering of badger skins and they shall insert its poles and they shall
shall insert its poles and they shall
shall insert its poles and they shall take a blue cloth and cover the
take a blue cloth and cover the
take a blue cloth and cover the lampstand of the light with its lamps
lampstand of the light with its lamps
lampstand of the light with its lamps it's with trimmers it's trays and all
it's with trimmers it's trays and all
it's with trimmers it's trays and all its oil vessels with which they service
its oil vessels with which they service
its oil vessels with which they service it then they shall put it with all its
it then they shall put it with all its
it then they shall put it with all its utensils in a covering of badger skins
utensils in a covering of badger skins
utensils in a covering of badger skins and put it on a carrying beam over the
and put it on a carrying beam over the
and put it on a carrying beam over the golden altar they shall spread a blue
golden altar they shall spread a blue
golden altar they shall spread a blue cloth and cover it with a covering of
cloth and cover it with a covering of
cloth and cover it with a covering of badger skins and they shall insert its
badger skins and they shall insert its
badger skins and they shall insert its poles then they shall take all the
poles then they shall take all the
poles then they shall take all the utensils of service with which they
utensils of service with which they
utensils of service with which they minister in the sanctuary put them in a
minister in the sanctuary put them in a
minister in the sanctuary put them in a blue cloth cover them with a covering of
blue cloth cover them with a covering of
blue cloth cover them with a covering of badger skins and put them on a carrying
badger skins and put them on a carrying
badger skins and put them on a carrying beam
beam
beam also they shall take away the ashes from
also they shall take away the ashes from
also they shall take away the ashes from the altar and spread a purple cloth over
the altar and spread a purple cloth over
the altar and spread a purple cloth over it they shall put on it all its
it they shall put on it all its
it they shall put on it all its implements with which they minister them
implements with which they minister them
implements with which they minister them the fire pans the forks the shovels the
the fire pans the forks the shovels the
the fire pans the forks the shovels the basins and all the utensils of the altar
basins and all the utensils of the altar
basins and all the utensils of the altar and they shall spread on it a covering
and they shall spread on it a covering
and they shall spread on it a covering of badger skins and insert its poles and
of badger skins and insert its poles and
of badger skins and insert its poles and when Aaron and his sons have finished
when Aaron and his sons have finished
when Aaron and his sons have finished covering the sanctuary and all the
covering the sanctuary and all the
covering the sanctuary and all the furnishings of the century when the camp
furnishings of the century when the camp
furnishings of the century when the camp is set to go then the sons of Kohath
is set to go then the sons of Kohath
is set to go then the sons of Kohath shall come to carry them but they shall
shall come to carry them but they shall
shall come to carry them but they shall not touch any holy thing lest they die
not touch any holy thing lest they die
not touch any holy thing lest they die these are the things in the tabernacle
these are the things in the tabernacle
these are the things in the tabernacle of meeting which the sons of Kohath are
of meeting which the sons of Kohath are
of meeting which the sons of Kohath are to carry the appointed duty of Eleazar
to carry the appointed duty of Eleazar
to carry the appointed duty of Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest is the oil
the son of Aaron the priest is the oil
the son of Aaron the priest is the oil for the light the sweet incense the
for the light the sweet incense the
for the light the sweet incense the daily grain offering the anointing oil
daily grain offering the anointing oil
daily grain offering the anointing oil the oversight of all the tabernacle of
the oversight of all the tabernacle of
the oversight of all the tabernacle of all that is in it with the sanctuary and
all that is in it with the sanctuary and
all that is in it with the sanctuary and it's furnishings do not cut off the
it's furnishings do not cut off the
it's furnishings do not cut off the tribe of the families of the kohathites
tribe of the families of the kohathites
tribe of the families of the kohathites from among the Levites but do this in
from among the Levites but do this in
from among the Levites but do this in regard to them that they may live and
regard to them that they may live and
regard to them that they may live and not die when they approach the most holy
not die when they approach the most holy
not die when they approach the most holy things Aaron and his sons shall go in
things Aaron and his sons shall go in
things Aaron and his sons shall go in and appoint each of them to his service
and appoint each of them to his service
and appoint each of them to his service and his task but they shall not go in to
and his task but they shall not go in to
and his task but they shall not go in to watch while the holy things are being
watch while the holy things are being
watch while the holy things are being covered lest they die member Lord spoke
covered lest they die member Lord spoke
covered lest they die member Lord spoke to Moses also take a census of the sons
to Moses also take a census of the sons
to Moses also take a census of the sons of Gershom by their father's house by
of Gershom by their father's house by
of Gershom by their father's house by their families from 30 years old and
their families from 30 years old and
their families from 30 years old and above even 250 years old you shall
above even 250 years old you shall
above even 250 years old you shall number them all who enter to perform the
number them all who enter to perform the
number them all who enter to perform the service to do the work in the tabernacle
service to do the work in the tabernacle
service to do the work in the tabernacle of meeting this is the service of the
of meeting this is the service of the
of meeting this is the service of the families of the
families of the
families of the nights in serving and carrying they
nights in serving and carrying they
nights in serving and carrying they shall carry the curtains of the
shall carry the curtains of the
shall carry the curtains of the tabernacle and the tabernacle of meeting
tabernacle and the tabernacle of meeting
tabernacle and the tabernacle of meeting with its covering the covering of badger
with its covering the covering of badger
with its covering the covering of badger skins that is on it the screen for the
skins that is on it the screen for the
skins that is on it the screen for the door of the tabernacle of meeting the
door of the tabernacle of meeting the
door of the tabernacle of meeting the screen for the door of the gate of the
screen for the door of the gate of the
screen for the door of the gate of the court the hangings of the court which
court the hangings of the court which
court the hangings of the court which are around the tabernacle and altar and
are around the tabernacle and altar and
are around the tabernacle and altar and their cause all the furnishings for
their cause all the furnishings for
their cause all the furnishings for their service and all that is made for
their service and all that is made for
their service and all that is made for these things so shall they serve Aaron
these things so shall they serve Aaron
these things so shall they serve Aaron and his sons shall assign all the
and his sons shall assign all the
and his sons shall assign all the service of the sons of the gershonites
service of the sons of the gershonites
service of the sons of the gershonites all their tasks and all their service
all their tasks and all their service
all their tasks and all their service and you shall appoint to them all their
and you shall appoint to them all their
and you shall appoint to them all their tasks as their duty this is the service
tasks as their duty this is the service
tasks as their duty this is the service of the families of the sons of gushin in
of the families of the sons of gushin in
of the families of the sons of gushin in the tabernacle of meeting and their
the tabernacle of meeting and their
the tabernacle of meeting and their duties shall be under the authority of
duties shall be under the authority of
duties shall be under the authority of ethem are the son of Aaron the priest as
ethem are the son of Aaron the priest as
ethem are the son of Aaron the priest as for the sons of mere a ride you shall
for the sons of mere a ride you shall
for the sons of mere a ride you shall number them by their families and by
number them by their families and by
number them by their families and by their father's house from 30 years old
their father's house from 30 years old
their father's house from 30 years old and above even 250 years old you shall
and above even 250 years old you shall
and above even 250 years old you shall number them everyone who enters the
number them everyone who enters the
number them everyone who enters the service to do the work of the tabernacle
service to do the work of the tabernacle
service to do the work of the tabernacle of meeting and this is what they must
of meeting and this is what they must
of meeting and this is what they must carry as all their service for the
carry as all their service for the
carry as all their service for the tabernacle of meeting the boards of the
tabernacle of meeting the boards of the
tabernacle of meeting the boards of the tabernacle its bars its pillars its
tabernacle its bars its pillars its
tabernacle its bars its pillars its sockets and the pillars around the court
sockets and the pillars around the court
sockets and the pillars around the court with their sockets pegs and cords with
with their sockets pegs and cords with
with their sockets pegs and cords with all their furnishings and all their
all their furnishings and all their
all their furnishings and all their service and you shall assign to each man
service and you shall assign to each man
service and you shall assign to each man by name the items he must carry
by name the items he must carry
by name the items he must carry this is the service of the families of
this is the service of the families of
this is the service of the families of the sons of Merari as all their service
the sons of Merari as all their service
the sons of Merari as all their service for the tabernacle of meeting under the
for the tabernacle of meeting under the
for the tabernacle of meeting under the authority of ether ma the son of Aaron
authority of ether ma the son of Aaron
authority of ether ma the son of Aaron the priest and Moses and Aaron and the
the priest and Moses and Aaron and the
the priest and Moses and Aaron and the leaders of the congregation numbered the
leaders of the congregation numbered the
leaders of the congregation numbered the sons of the kohathites by their families
sons of the kohathites by their families
sons of the kohathites by their families and by their father's house from 30
and by their father's house from 30
and by their father's house from 30 years old and above even 250 years old
years old and above even 250 years old
years old and above even 250 years old everyone who entered the service for
everyone who entered the service for
everyone who entered the service for work in the tabernacle of meeting and
work in the tabernacle of meeting and
work in the tabernacle of meeting and those who are numbered by their families
those who are numbered by their families
those who are numbered by their families were 2750 these were the ones who were
were 2750 these were the ones who were
were 2750 these were the ones who were numbered of the families of the
numbered of the families of the
numbered of the families of the kohathites
kohathites
kohathites all who might serve in the tabernacle of
all who might serve in the tabernacle of
all who might serve in the tabernacle of meeting whom Moses and Aaron numbered
meeting whom Moses and Aaron numbered
meeting whom Moses and Aaron numbered according to the commandment of the Lord
according to the commandment of the Lord
according to the commandment of the Lord by the hand of Moses and those who were
by the hand of Moses and those who were
by the hand of Moses and those who were numbered of the sons of Gershon by their
numbered of the sons of Gershon by their
numbered of the sons of Gershon by their families and by their father's house
families and by their father's house
families and by their father's house from 30 years old and above even 250
from 30 years old and above even 250
from 30 years old and above even 250 years old everyone who entered the
years old everyone who entered the
years old everyone who entered the service for work in the tabernacle of
service for work in the tabernacle of
service for work in the tabernacle of meeting those who are numbered by their
meeting those who are numbered by their
meeting those who are numbered by their families by their father's house were
families by their father's house were
families by their father's house were 2630 these are the ones who were
2630 these are the ones who were
2630 these are the ones who were numbered of the families of the sons of
numbered of the families of the sons of
numbered of the families of the sons of Gershon of all who might serve in the
Gershon of all who might serve in the
Gershon of all who might serve in the tabernacle of meeting whom Moses and
tabernacle of meeting whom Moses and
tabernacle of meeting whom Moses and Aaron numbered according to the
Aaron numbered according to the
Aaron numbered according to the commandment of the law those are the
commandment of the law those are the
commandment of the law those are the families of the sons of Merari who were
families of the sons of Merari who were
families of the sons of Merari who were numbered by their families by their
numbered by their families by their
numbered by their families by their father's house from 30 years old and
father's house from 30 years old and
father's house from 30 years old and above even 250 years old everyone who
above even 250 years old everyone who
above even 250 years old everyone who entered the service for work in the
entered the service for work in the
entered the service for work in the tabernacle of meeting those who were
tabernacle of meeting those who were
tabernacle of meeting those who were numbered by their families were 3200
numbered by their families were 3200
numbered by their families were 3200 these are the ones who were numbered of
these are the ones who were numbered of
these are the ones who were numbered of the families of the sons of Merari whom
the families of the sons of Merari whom
the families of the sons of Merari whom Moses and Aaron numbered according to
Moses and Aaron numbered according to
Moses and Aaron numbered according to the word of the Lord by the hand of
the word of the Lord by the hand of
the word of the Lord by the hand of Moses all who are numbered of the
Moses all who are numbered of the
Moses all who are numbered of the Levites whom Moses Aaron and the leaders
Levites whom Moses Aaron and the leaders
Levites whom Moses Aaron and the leaders of Israel numbered by their families and
of Israel numbered by their families and
of Israel numbered by their families and by their fathers houses
by their fathers houses
by their fathers houses thirty years old and above even 250
thirty years old and above even 250
thirty years old and above even 250 years old everyone who came to do the
years old everyone who came to do the
years old everyone who came to do the work of service and the work of bearing
work of service and the work of bearing
work of service and the work of bearing burdens in the tabernacle of meeting
burdens in the tabernacle of meeting
burdens in the tabernacle of meeting those who are numbered were eight
those who are numbered were eight
those who are numbered were eight thousand five hundred and eighty
thousand five hundred and eighty
thousand five hundred and eighty according to the commandment of the Lord
according to the commandment of the Lord
according to the commandment of the Lord they were numbered by the hand of Moses
they were numbered by the hand of Moses
they were numbered by the hand of Moses each according to his service and
each according to his service and
each according to his service and according to his task thus were they
according to his task thus were they
according to his task thus were they numbered by him as the LORD commanded
numbered by him as the LORD commanded
numbered by him as the LORD commanded Moses